---
title: Develop the Learning Hub for Dijkstra Web
description: Development of a learning hub feature for the Dijkstra Web platform
---

**Duration:** 350 Hours \
**Difficulty:** Medium \
**Domain:** Full Stack Development 

## Overview
This project focuses on developing a Learning Hub feature for the Dijkstra web platform that delivers educational resources, tutorials, and interactive learning experiences directly within the application.

Learning materials will be organized into topics and sub-topics, and the platform will include mechanisms to ensure that all content is reviewed and verified by selected authorized contributors. The Learning Hub will be publicly accessible, including to non-Dijkstra members. Additionally, student members of Dijkstra may receive customized learning roadmaps generated by Dijkstra GPT based on their profile and goals.

## Objectives

- Provide an interactive, user-friendly Markdown editor for creators to upload and manage learning content.
- Organize learning materials into clear topics and sub-topics for improved discoverability and structure.
- Build search functionality for discovery of material based on topic or keywords.
- Design a content verification and approval workflow, ensuring materials are uploaded and reviewed by verified contributors.
- Integrate the learning hub into the Dijkstra web platform
- [Optional] Enable personalized, interactive learning experiences for students, including progress tracking and guided pathways.

## Requirements

- Experience with backend system design.
- Experience building responsive, fluid frontend pages.
- Familiarity with content management systems

## Deliverables

- Fully functional content management system
- Structured organization of content
- Authorization and verification of content uploaders.
- Stylish content viewer pages.
- Search system to efficiently search within content
- [Optional] Student specific learning roadmaps with progress tracking

## Mentors

- Jonathan Samuel ([GitHub](https://github.com/JRS296), [Discord](https://discord.com/jrs296))

> We would like you to hopefully mentor the next generation as well! (This is the Dijkstra way, we learn to teach!) and to hopefully become a codeowner that other developers can look to for knowledge and guidance down the years.